okay once you've got your big holes
drilled now you're ready to feed these
wires through the center hole and
there's a grommet that you're gonna have
to get into that hole as well just to
kind of seal it you'll see it it's about
halfway up that wire and you'll just
have to work that in to get it flush so
that it seals off where those wires go
and the last step is just let's bolt it
down get your hex bolts and feed them
through the holes well it's really not
the last step you still have to hook up
the wires but it's the last step of
getting the spoiler mounted it's also
important when you tighten these don't
over tighten remember this is actually
being held in place by plastic if you
over torque it or you over tighten it
you can actually break you know this
plastic you could crack it so just be
careful that you don't go too tight
you'll know you know when you feel it
start really getting firm that should be
tight enough now you could use a torque
wrench I don't use a torque wrench for
this but you you know honda recommends
that you do obviously but those are down
they're tight spoiler is mounted now we
do the wiring ok wiring up the spoiler
is really pretty simple you can't screw
it up you know you've got this one
connector underneath the trunk and
here's the little harness adapter that
that came with your spoiler and you you
basically just plug it in and make sure
you've got it
there we go it's in good and tight
connected and then you simply connect
the the two leads here for the coming
from the spoiler to this harness and
that's all there is to it
make sure you've got a good tight
connection all the way around on both
both leads okay everything's wired up
now in another video I'm going to have a
tail blazer that I'm going to connect to
this and it will connect in between here
I'm going to do that in a separate video
and that lets the LEDs flash so all this
really left to do now is plug the the
big plug here back into the cover that
goes underneath screw it all down and
hey we should be ready to go we'll test
out our LED brake lights it works
Hey look there it works what a miracle
hey you know what I think the spoiler
with the brake light is a huge safety
feature I think everybody with a gold
wing should have one not only in my
opinion does it improve the looks of the
rear end of the bike I think it makes a
dramatic difference in the appearance of
the bike but I think it's a big safety
feature the more light you have and back
when people are coming up behind you the
better and like I said in another video
we're going to show you how to install
the tail blazer so that when you touch
your brakes this thing will flash on and
off it'll also turn this into a running
light so that it stays on all the time
I advise you to go to direct line parts
order the Honda spoiler color matched to
your gold wing they make them for every
year and install it yourself you can
save yourself a bunch of money by doing
it yourself direct line parts has the
stuff go there now order it and get it
on if you don't already have one